So now we have to create a user form and in that user portfolio form, the user will enter
his details and after entering, he will save the details in the backend and after that
a link will be generated, as soon as the user clicks on the link, he will reach his portfolio
page.
Basically, we will be saving his portfolio details in our backend and then whenever someone
visits the site of the same user's portfolio, he will be shown the details there.
So how will all this happen?
This mechanism is for the future, but now we create a portfolio form in a simple design
wise.
So let's go to our VS Code for this and here we remove all these things like div, this
is main.
After this, here in the code section, whatever the basic layout of the portfolio form, it
will be given to you.
You can see it here.
You have to come here and paste that thing.
Now here I am going to explain all the things to you well, what is it, how is it, I will
explain everything because this is not the main thing.
Look, design is not the main thing.
At the end of the day, we will do the design, you will do it, but the logic part is a little
important.
How the data is going to be saved in the backend, how the user is going to see his portfolio,
these are a lot of logic things.
So for this thing, we will understand it well and for the time being, we also understand
what it is.
So now for the time being, here we have given a background image in our form, like we have
given a login page and those same images that we have given in the login page, we have just
blurred this image a little more.
Now how will it be known?
Look, here we have blurred this image a little more.
How much?
Backdrop blur xl.
That is, we have added an image in it.
In that, we have kept it empty, so we have kept xl in it, that is, we have blurred it a little more.
After that, we have put a logout button in which we will make the handle logout function.
There is also a loading state.
So what we will do here is that we will check whether the form has been loaded or not.
You must have noticed one thing, when we go to the main page from login, then for a while
that main page shows.
Why does this happen?
Because basically, the function is not executed so fast.
So as long as that main page is showing.
We don't want the user to see the content in it.
So we will put a loading state there.
What will we do?
We will write that as soon as the user goes into the use effect, that is, as soon as it goes
to the main page, the use effect will run there.
So by then, we will set that state in loading.
Okay, so we will do all this further.
And there is also handle submit.
So after submitting the form, what will happen?
There will be a value fetch on the handle submit.
And the object we used to do destructuring, we will do that and fetch the value from here.
So here we will also take the image input from below.
How to take the input?
We will also see the image.
And here we will show the image above that image.
There are some things like this.
Here we will take the name input.
First name, last name, experience, about, role, skills.
These are some things that we will take the input from here.
And this is a basic form.
The classes in this you will be able to see.
ML is margin left.
And background gray.
Border gray.
So all these things are basic things.
And these are basic classes.
You will be able to find them if you search them.
And you will be able to understand by looking at them.
Okay.
Once we go to our browser.
Web page.
And here we will go to this page.
So here some errors will be coming.
Of course, because we have not made some functions.
So see, errors will come.
What is loading?
And what are the things that have been defined?
So what do we do?
Let's quickly define them.
And let's not implement now.
Because we just want to see the layout.
So we will go.
And what are the things that we have to implement?
We will see that once.
So first we will make the states quickly.
What will be the states?
The first will be form data.
That's portfolio and data.
So we will name it form data.
What will it do?
I will tell you right now.
Set p and data.
Right.
Use state.
And here.
What do we set it for now?
We set it in the form of an object.
Because the platform form data.
Where will it come from?
When the form will be submitted.
This.
Handle submit function.
You must be seeing.
On submit.
So as soon as the form will be submitted.
Handle submit will run.
And handle submit will create an object.
And that object will be set in the platform data.
We will see how that thing will happen now.
Constant.
And here is a loading thing.
For loading.
We set a state here.
And set loading here.
We have to keep that.
Set loading.
After this.
Using this.
Use state.
By using.
We set it to false for now.
Because now we don't want our loader to work.
Right.
Now after this.
The second thing.
What is this?
This visible.
What is this visible thing?
I will tell you.
Here you see below.
In the second.
In the last.
When our form is submitted.
Our form is submitted.
This button is submit button.
Okay.
So the first thing is in submit button.
This loading will be written.
As soon as the user clicks submit.
Then loading will be written.
Until.
Until the form is not submitted.
In the backend.
Till then.
This loading will be written.
All these things will be clear to you.
What is this?
What have I done in one click?
Everything will be clear.
What is this visible here?
This visible will give you the URL of the portfolio.
Means.
When the user clicks submit.
Then the URL of the portfolio will be generated.
That thing will be showing you here.
So until.
We set it to state.
Const is visible.
Is visible.
And set.
Is.
Visible.
Is equals to.
Use state.
And now we will give false.
False.
Okay.
Now we have done this thing.
Now after this one thing comes.
That is loading.
Loading what?
Button loading state.
Means.
I will tell you what is.
Set is B loading.
And this is for submit button.
Here we will put the handle submit function.
Right?
We will put the submit function.
So.
And here we will put the submit function.
Const hand
submit.
Now there is a handleLogout which we will implement now.
What is handleLogout?
What will handleLogout do?
As soon as the user clicks in logout,
this is the logout text here,
there is a div here,
as soon as the user clicks in logout,
the user will be logged out.
And handleLogout function will be called first.
So how did this happen?
I will tell you.
What will happen there?
See, how did logout happen?
You understand.
How did login happen?
First understand this.
UserInfo object was created
and we check that object.
We do one thing.
We delete UserInfo object.
As soon as the user clicks in logout,
UserInfo object will be deleted.
And when UserInfo object is deleted,
then user will be logged out.
Right?
So we do this.
localStorage.clear
And what will we write here?
Nothing.
If we do localStorage.clear,
then localStorage will be cleared.
Then what will we do?
We will navigate the user.
Where will we navigate?
Forward slash.
Means we will navigate to the main page.
So that page will be reloaded in a way.
As soon as localStorage is cleared,
then what will happen to the main page?
That once it had to reload.
Right?
It had to reload after changing something in localStorage.
So we cleared localStorage.
After clearing localStorage,
we will redirect it back to the main page.
So the main page first checks
whether there is anything in localStorage or not.
Now if it does not get anything,
then it will redirect it to the login page.
Do you understand?
Basic logic.
Now what we do here is
once we make navigate here,
which we have already made.
Okay.
Once we save it,
and go back to our browser.
And once we go back to our browser,
and once we go back to our browser,
let's see if there is any error
which is coming.
Preview image is not defined.
Okay.
So we have to make a preview image as well.
So okay.
What is this preview image?
I will also tell you this.
So we go back to the code.
And here we have to make a state
by doing preview image.
Let me tell you what it is.
We come here.
And after coming here,
we come here.
We come here.
And after coming here,
we come here.
Here we make the state of the preview image.
And now I will explain what it is.
See here,
preview image is used
because when you see in our form,
we have made an image input in the form.
You are seeing type equal to file.
We have made an image file input.
And this image file,
what we will basically do is
you must have seen our form.
Let me show you how our form looks like.
So we are going to our browser.
And here you will remember that our form is of this type.
It was of this type, right?
It was some form like this.
Here we have input the file by choosing the file.
As soon as a person clicks on the choose file,
instead of the placeholder image, the user will see the file that the user has chosen.
So if you choose the file from here, you will see the file after choosing it.
So we want to do the same thing here.
So let me show you how.
So now we go here.
And here we have input the file from the user.
In the choose file button,
we have input the file from the user.
And after inputting the file,
we have set the placeholder image to the placeholder image.
We have set the preview image.
Now let me show you how we will do this.
So by default, the hacker image that you saw,
that is this.
So this is set in this state.
So what will happen?
First the user will set the file here.
He will set it here.
Here.
And here the load function will be called.
Which will be clicked in the choose file.
As soon as you click in the choose file, the load function will be called.
And what will the load file do?
After doing everything, it will set the preview image.
In this image, it will set its URL.
It will generate a URL and it will set it.
Okay.
By default, the URL that will be set is this.
So now what is the load file function?
Once we make that.
So the load file function is very easy.
And here you will also learn to input the image.
So you go down here.
And we make the handle just below the submit.
Or you can make it anywhere in the top.
By the way, we make it here.
So this is our load file function.
What is it doing?
Let's see it once nicely.
Load file is capturing an event.
The event is basically whatever the user is typing in the form.
It must be writing.
Whatever it is doing, it is an event.
Okay.
Load file is capturing the same event.
And from that, it will capture only that type of event.
Which will be of the file type.
That is, the file we said input.file.
Here only what the user does?
What the user does?
He will click choose file.
And here where choose file will click.
What is its type?
File.
File type is you can see.
We did the type equal to file.
And what will it do here?
This function.
This is the load file function.
This will only work for file type.
So here as soon as the user clicks on choose file.
Then it will be given the option to input.
So we said that only that one file can be inputted at once.
So we made the file zero.
That all the files it will see while inputting.
When the user choose file.
When the user is choosing file from desktop.
Then from that only one file can be chosen.
And this file reader.
It will ensure that the user input is a file.
Okay.
So now this thing is.
How did we know that the file will be inputted?
We did the type equal to file.
And here it checked.
And as soon as the user.
The file.
As soon as it is loaded.
What will it do?
It will create a data URL form.
Means it will create a URL.
It is a very long URL.
It will create that file.
And it will set it in set preview image.
Means it will set it here.
So by default the value was this.
But as soon as it is loaded.
It will create a URL and set it by itself.
And what is here?
Here is the same thing.
That the file reader.
The file reader.
This is gone.
File reader.
That any incoming data.
Will work to convert it as a data URL.
So this thing is decided here.
So you will understand.
It is very easy.
First we took the input.
From the input.
We ensured that it is the same file.
By doing a file reader.
We took the JavaScript functionality.
And we said.
Brother.
The file reader which gives the data URL.
We have to set it in the preview image.
Done.
And then we show that data URL with the preview image.
So let's see how our form looks.
So we came to our form page.
And our form page looks something like this.
Okay.
All those styles.
All the things we have added from Tailwind.
And we have added functionality here.
We have added input boxes here.
All these have come.
Now the method of choose file.
Which we had added recently.
That has also come.
So what will happen.
As soon as we click on choose file.
So here we will get options.
To import any one of these files.
Right.
Now we can take only one file.
Because we have.
Files.
Zero.
Means.
Input.
One.
File.
Right.
So now if we click on any screenshot.
Or any image.
In open.
So here.
See.
The file has been set.
Do you understand.
As soon as we clicked on choose file.
It created a data url.
A data url.
Means.
It created a long and wide url.
And that url.
That is.
Here.
Has come in the preview image.
And set.
But our form.
Doesn't look good.
Right.
Means.
There are some things like this in it.
So now what can we do to make it look good.
To make it look good.
What we do is.
We go to this code.
And.
You.
Have to do one thing.
You have to go to your.
Main.
Index.
Css.
Now.
In index.
Css.
We.
Will add some styles.
Here.
So.
Those styles of index.
Css.
Have been given to you.
In your code section.
You just copy it.
And.
Put it.
Everything will be set.
What happened here.
Let me tell you.
What we did.
That we.
First of all.
A monster.
Red.
There is a.
Font.
That font.
We have used here.
That we.
We have imported that thing.
From.
Google.
Fonts.
So.
It is not even used.
I will tell you.
That means.
We have basically.
A monster.
Red.
Font.
That is.
Used.
After that.
Main.
Thing.
This.
Image.
Input.
What have we done.
That.
The.
Text.
You.
Showed.
A text.
On the side.
Ok.
So.
This.
Something.
N.
Text.
Can you see.
Something.
This.
Text.
Is.
By.
Default.
When.
You.
Take.
Any.
File.
Type.
Input.
So.
To.
Remove.
This.
What.
We.
Do.
The.
Opacity.
If.
You.
Click.
On.
A.
Border.
Of.
Black.
Color.
By.
Default.
So.
It.
Will.
Move.
The.
Text.
Area.
Is.
Resizable.
Not.
That.
User.
Can.
Drag.
And.
Just.
Here.
We.
Have.
The.
Scroll.
Bar.
Now.
Once.
We.
Check.
Our.
Page.
So.
See.
How.
Good.
It.
Is.
Just.
Here.
Everyone's.
Border.
Bottom.
Is.
The.
Scroll.
Bar.
On.
This.
Side.
You.
Can.
See.
That.
Is.
The.
Page.
Of.
The.
Page.
Of.
The.
Page.
And.
We.
Have.
To.
Navigate.
This.
Page.
To.
The.
Login.
Page.
Of.
The.
Page.
Of.
The.
Login.
Page.
Of.
The.
Page.
Of.
The.
Page.
And.
Now.
If.
You.
Are.
Just.
Here.
To.
Dig.
And.
At.
The.
Page.
Of.
The.
Page.
Of.
This.
Page.
And.
You.
Now.
If.
Let's navigate to the login page and see what's happening.
Now we have navigated.
Let's try to go to the main page.
We are not able to go.
We are not able to go to the main page.
So when we log in, we come to the main page and our form is in the main page.
Let's fill the form and submit it.
After submitting, you will see a URL generated here.
So now we will tell you how it will happen.
And as soon as we click on logout, we come to the login page.
Nice.
So now everything is working smoothly.
And we have seen how to create a login form.
And now we have to connect it to the backend.
And now whatever is this and all.
The way it's done and what we are doing is great.
So much Kanani for the content.
Yes.
I am going to explain a little bit about Kanani to everyone if 你没有 jotka funk
I am going to explain a little bit about Kanani for the content.
and the way it's done and how it's done.
And laundry products, well, Flowers are not easy.
You will see this.
It has a few Velcro packs and it is pretty Chemo at the Lieutenant twist.
Okay, it is yes.
Great.